docs: added documentation for preprocess table (#60)
fortran-lang/fpm-docs: pages/spec/manifest.md

    Dependencies only needed for tests
- [*install*](#installation-configuration):
  Installation configuration

> - [*preprocess*](#reprocessors-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [*preprocess*](#preprocessors-configuration)
```

> - [*preprocess*](#preprocessor-configuration)

Reviewer: Missing a short description here

library = true
```

## Preprocessor configuration

Under *preprocess* section, the preprocessors can be specified which are used in an fpm project. 

### Specifying the preprocessor

In the *preprocess* section, multiple preprocessors can be specified. It depends on the developer which preprocessor they want to use. For example: ```cpp``` can be specified like this :

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
```

We can specify multiple preprocessors as well. For example: if a project uses both ```cpp``` and ```fypp``` preprocessors.

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
[preprocess.fypp]
```

Preprocessor can also be made to run on the files with specific suffixes.

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]

> suffixes = ["F90", "f90]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suffixes = ["F90", "f90"]
```

```

Preprocessor can also be run on specific directories.

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
directories = ["src/feature1", "src/models"]
```

Macros used in the files can be defined in the ```[preprocess]``` table.

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]

> macros = ["-DMACRO1", "-DMACRO2"]

Reviewer: This usage of `macros` is inconsistent with the examples in the patch at the fpm repository:

```
[preprocess.cpp]
macros = ["FOO", "BAR"]
```

Note that leaving out the `-D` is preferred since ifort on Windows will use `/D` for macro definitions.

library = true
```

## Preprocessor configuration

> Under *preprocess* section, the preprocessors can be specified which are used in an fpm project. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the *preprocess* section, you can specify one or more preprocessor to use in an fpm project. 
```

### Specifying the preprocessor

> In the *preprocess* section, multiple preprocessors can be specified. It depends on the developer which preprocessor they want to use. For example: ```cpp``` can be specified like this :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *preprocess* section allows one or more preprocessors to be specified.
For example, ```cpp``` can be specified like this :
```

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
```

> We can specify multiple preprocessors as well. For example: if a project uses both ```cpp``` and ```fypp``` preprocessors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use multiple preprocessors, for example ```cpp``` and ```fypp```, specify them like this:
```

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
[preprocess.fypp]
```

> Preprocessor can also be made to run on the files with specific suffixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify source file suffixes that the preprocessor should run on:
```

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
suffixes = ["F90", "f90"]
```

> Preprocessor can also be run on specific directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Further, you can instruct the preprocessor to run on source files in specific directories:
```

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]
directories = ["src/feature1", "src/models"]
```

> Macros used in the files can be defined in the ```[preprocess]``` table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Preprocessor macros can be defined like this:
```

*Example*

```toml
[preprocess]
[preprocess.cpp]

> macros = ["FOO", "BAR"]

Reviewer 2: Just a note that we should think about the manifest syntax to set preprocessor macros to specific values, rather than just defined/undefined. For example, how to set `-DPHYSICS_OPTION=2` or similar.

```

> We can also use dotted keys to define our preprocessor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can also use dotted keys to define our preprocessor settings.
```
